Welcome To The BREAKDOWN, Where We Breakdown
and Recap The Most Messed Up Shit!
Today we are watching Eraserhead, a surreal
film about this guy named Henry who gets forced
to marriage and to take care of a...child....If
you want to see what happens in this movie
and learn the details, stay tuned for the
breakdown!
The movie starts out with a nice peekaboo
segment between us and Eraserhead over here,
and then he's just acting all weird in front
of this meatball of a planet.
Then after a slow zoom to the moon, we capture
its landscape before picking up with this
weirdo.
He seems to be watching Eraserhead who just
threw up this sperm looking thing and then
picks up some shotgun levers that brings the
sperm baby to a puddle.
Then it zooms into the light, and Eraserhead
pops into the frame!
It looks like Eraserhead is going back somewhere,
then he messes up the latest editions of What
Are Thoses?
Then after more walking and more walking and
more walking, he's back home at his apartment
building and then stands in the elevator awkwardly.
Now at his room, a sexy lil momma asks if
he is Henry and tells him Mary invited him
to dinner with her family, but he wants to
be as awkward as possible...but she likes
it!
Then after sitting awkwardly in the dark,
he plays his favorite 90's rap while contemplating
what pornstar he wants to jerk off too.
Then he arranges a ripped up photo which is
possibly Mary which might tell him her address.
Then he shakes the spot.
He gets to her house and they have a little
spat about how she never comes around anymore,
before having a staring competition.
We meet the mother of Mary who isn't very
welcoming to Henry, then we see some doggies
getting some milk as they all sit awkwardly.
Then Mary starts getting this weird seizure
and the dad comes in and he's already my favorite
character.
Now on to the awkward chicken dinner, the
dad of Mary asks Henry to cut the fist sized
chicken.
As soon as he touches it, the chicken starts
bleeding and grooving, causing the mom to
do this weird mating call..
As more blood leaks, the wife loses.
Mom: Screams!
Dad: She'll be alright in a minute.
Well he wasn't lying, she asks to speak with
Henry as these two look at him awkwardly,
then the lights flicker.
The mom grabs him and asks if he smashed Mary.
She forces him to tell the truth, but then
we he doesn't, she starts making out with
his neck before snapping out of it!
She tells him he has a baby, while the daughter
says it doesn't even look like a baby.
Then he gets a nosebleed in response, I don't
blame him, if I knew I had a baby right now,
I'd probably do the same.
Then we see Mary feeding some weird creature
making baby goat noises.
It spits out all the food that Mary gives
it, what the hell is this creature?
Back with Henry, he examines some worm creature
as Mary watches the baby.
He examines his radiator closely again and
we then cut to a stage.
Then at night, Mary gets irritated at the
baby crying and tells it to shut up multiple
times.
Then she proclaims she can't stand it saying
she wants a decents night sleep, leaving Henry
to care for the Alien baby.
Then she weirdly messes with his bed but its
actually her getting a suitcase, she don left
his ass for the night!
Well the good thing is that Henry manages
to quiet the baby, but then the alien baby
gets all sick!
The next morning, everytime Henry tries to
leave the baby, it starts crying, which is
understandable.
So he sits with it.
Then after misery, it cuts to a dancing lady
with weird ball shaped cheeks dancing next
to the sperm from the beginning.
Then she completely squishes one sperm and
then another while keeping her demented smile.
Back with this lovely couple, they ramble
about in bed but Henry notices sperm things
from that vision and he throws em against
the wall!
Then after a weird sequence, he gets a knock
on the door from his neighbor, I told yall
she wanted it!
She starts lusting for him and the baby starts
crying forcing him to quiet it down!
She asks where his wife is and then she asks
to spend the night.
They get to the intercourse and she notices
his baby as they sink into his bed.
Then next the ball cheeks lady or the Lady
in The Radiator comes out and sings this song
which has been stuck in my head for a while...
Its kinda hot aint it?
Not her, the song!
Henry walks up on stage and they share a weird
moment filled with blinding flashing lights.
Then Henry basically hallucinates that Space
Man from the beginning and sperms!
He hides behind a railing but gets beheaded
by something that resembles the baby and then
his head sinks as the baby cries supernaturally!
He falls in front of a boy who grabs the head
and takes it to some man who keeps beeping
this alert.
They take the head to another man and he drills
into it, grabbing some head meat which proves
to be a good eraser, hence the name of the
movie!
Finally, Henry wakes back up and he watches
some man outside.
Then he listens outside his door.
After some laying down realizations, he goes
to find solace with the neighbor but realizes
she wasn't feeling him, this is what she sees.
After some time, he takes scissors and cuts
open the fabric bandages around the baby as
it convulses, but what opens is the babies
entire torso cavity or whatever.
We see its organs and everything.
Henry stabs its heart and it bleeds.
Then the baby coughs out blood and then he
fills up with an abundance of some weird looking
liquid.
His next then protrudes outward and is then
replaced with the planet as Henry looks horrified.
Then we see this famous shot of Henry shocked
as eraser shavings party behind him!
Then we see the man with the levers struggle
with pulling them, then in white light, Henry
embraces with the Lady in The Radiator and
the movie abruptly ends!
So guys this is my view of what the movie
is about.
Obviously its surreal so its not meant to
entirely make sense.
But its about being a father unexpectedly.
Henry wasn't ready to take care of a baby,
he can barely take care of himself, I mean
he has a one room apartment!
You could also argue that Henry possibly has
schizophrenia behavior, and that the baby
actually was born prematurely.
Then at the end, he kills the baby because
of his twisted mind!
I'm interesting and hearing what you guys
think, but lets get to the most disturbed
moment and most enjoyed moment in the spooky
stuff!
So right into it, the most disturbed moment
for me was probably the death of the baby.
Its hard to pick in a movie like this, but
the baby seemed pretty real and it was kinda
eye opening to see the baby pass the way it
did!
The most enjoyed moment was when The Lady
In The Radiator singed this beautiful song!
You can find it on YouTube somewhere but It
really got stuck in my head.
And That's it, hope you guys enjoyed this
video, if you did, consider subscribing for
more breakdown recaps on films that completely
shock people.
Here's a playlist of some on the right and
my beautiful subscribe logo on the left, thanks
for watching, Spooky Out!